but today it's a hard day for me it is
bad and i'm not capable of coming out
and pretending to be funny and on when
things are going so terribly wrong right
now um I'm so sorry I'm just not able to
pretend so I'm going to tell you the
story I'm gonna get over it and we're
gonna have a good show and we have a
great show so it's gonna be funny and
it's gonna be everything that you turn
the show on for but here's what happened
haha I love animals I love animals and I
rescue him and I had I've adopted so
many animals in pounds so many animals
homes over the years and on sep tember
20th i adopted a dog but my rescue
organization here in an area and I got
it neutered and I got it trained and i
paid my vet extra money to take it home
to let it sleep in the bed with him that
night instead of a cage I spent three
thousand dollars on this puppy to
acclimate it to train it to be with our
cats and it just was too much energy and
two rambunctious my hairdresser who I
see every single day she and her husband
have two little girls 11 and 12 years
old they were just looking for a puppy
they have a dog and they said we love
eggy can we have Iggy Iggy has been with
them for two weeks I get updates every
single day in pictures every day of how
happy iggy is and how much their
daughters leggy the organization
contacted me yesterday and said how
Ziggy and I told him the truth I didn't
lie i said he has a great home well i
guess i signed a piece of paper that
says if I can't keep idiot goes back to
the rescue organization which it's not
someone's home which it's not a family
these two little girls had bonded to the
dog I thought I did a good thing I tried
to find a loving home for the dog cuz I
couldn't keep it I was trying to do a
good thing and because I did it wrong
those people went and took a dog out of
their home and took it away from those
kids and I feel totally responsible for
them so sorry
and I'm begging them to give that dog
nice not a family just I just wanted
family to have the dog it's not their
fault is my fault I should have given it
all away just please get the dog back to
those little girls I'm sorry I didn't
call you I'm sorry I did the wrong thing
just give it back to the family please
please please that's the story and
that's why I'm I'm feeling like I I am
responsible for trying to do something
and I did it without without reading all
the things i should read so I'm sorry ha
what a great show we have today